Update style guide with correct usage of MS SQL (#29829)
grafana/grafana: contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md

- Do not use two spaces after a period. Only add one space after each sentence. Do not add a space at the end of the paragraph.
- Sentence length should be 25 words or less. If your thought is longer than 25 words, consider breaking up the sentence or changing the format to a list.
- Paragraphs should be three sentences or fewer. Break up long paragraphs.

> - Always use "MS SQL" when referring to MS SQL Server. Do not use "MSSQL", you may see this incorrect usage in some of our UI.

Reviewer: I recommend putting this in the Word Usage section, not here.

Author: Done.

**Correct:** node_exporter, windows_exporter
**Incorrect:** Node Exporter, node exporter, Windows Exporter, Windows exporter, windows exporter.

### MS SQL Server

> Always use "MS SQL" when referring to MS SQL Server application. Do not use "MSSQL", you may see this incorrect usage in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use "MS SQL" when referring to MS SQL Server application. Do not use "MSSQL" unless you are specifically referring to a UI element that uses it.

Incorrect UI spellings will be corrected in a later version of Grafana.
```
